Updating README to include more info on plugins (#15)
AgnostiqHQ/covalent-aws-plugins: README.md

## Covalent AWS Plugins

<img src="./doc/static/covalent-ec2-code-example.png" width="550px" align="right">

[Covalent](https://github.com/AgnostiqHQ/covalent) is a python based workflow orchestration tool used to execute HPC and quantum tasks in heterogenous environments.

By installing Covalent AWS Plugins users can leverage a broad plugin ecosystem to execute tasks using AWS resources best fit for each task.

Covalent AWS Plugins installs a set of executor plugins that allow tasks to be run in an EC2 instance, AWS Lambda, AWS ECS Cluster, AWS Batch Compute Environment, and as an AWS Braket Job for tasks requiring Quantum devices.

If you're new to covalent visit our [Getting Started Guide](https://covalent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html).

## Installation

> To use this plugin with Covalent, simply install it with `pip`:

Author: For sure, will change 👍🏼

```bash
pip install covalent-aws-plugins
```

> You may require [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) for Braket and [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli) to be installed to use the Braket & EC2 plugins respectively.

## Included Plugins

While each plugin can be seperately installed installing the above pip package installs all of the below plugins.

| | Plugin Name | Use Case |
|---|-------------|-------------|
|![AWS Batch](./doc/static/Batch.png)| AWS Batch Executor |**Useful for heavy compute workloads (high CPU/memory).** Tasks are queued to execute in the user defined Batch compute environment.|

> |![AWS EC2](./doc/static/EC2.png)|AWS EC2 Executor|**General purpose compute workloads users can select compute resources.** An EC2 instance is auto-provisioned using terraform with selected compute settings to execute tasks.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|![AWS EC2](./doc/static/EC2.png)|AWS EC2 Executor|**General purpose compute workloads where users can select compute resources.** An EC2 instance is auto-provisioned using terraform with selected compute settings to execute tasks.|
```

Author: Nice catch @FyzHsn will fix

<img src="./doc/static/covalent-ec2-code-example.png" width="550px" align="right">

[Covalent](https://github.com/AgnostiqHQ/covalent) is a python based workflow orchestration tool used to execute HPC and quantum tasks in heterogenous environments.

By installing Covalent AWS Plugins users can leverage a broad plugin ecosystem to execute tasks using AWS resources best fit for each task.

Covalent AWS Plugins installs a set of executor plugins that allow tasks to be run in an EC2 instance, AWS Lambda, AWS ECS Cluster, AWS Batch Compute Environment, and as an AWS Braket Job for tasks requiring Quantum devices.

If you're new to covalent visit our [Getting Started Guide](https://covalent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html).

## Installation

To use the AWS plugin ecosystem with Covalent, simply install it with `pip`:

```bash
pip install covalent-aws-plugins
```

This will ensure that all the AWS executor plugins listed below are installed.

> You may require [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli) to be installed to use the Braket & EC2 plugins respectively.

## Included Plugins

> While each plugin can be seperately installed installing the above pip package installs all of the below plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While each plugin can be installed separately, `covalent-aws-plugins` pip package will automatically download all of the plugins listed below.
```
